<font color="#00dddd" size="6">part 1 of 2</font><br />
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">出现溢出错误</font><br />
  <font size="5">上溢：(2) 211>127;</font><br />    <font size="5">下溢：(4)-134<-128;</font><br />  
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">出现精度误差：</font><br /> 
<font size="5">(7)=0.01(1100)...;</font><br />  

---
---  
---
<font color="#00dddd" size="6">part 2 of 2</font><br />
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">(1)</font><br /> 
<font size="5">① Method of complements</font><br />  
In mathematics and computing, the method of complements is a technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers. This method was commonly used in mechanical calculators and is still used in modern computers.  

<font size="5">② Byte</font><br />  
The byte is a unit of digital information that most commonly consists of eight bits, representing a binary number. Historically, the byte was the number of bits used to encode a single character of text in a computer[1][2] and for this reason it is the smallest addressable unit of memory in many computer architectures. 

<font size="5">③ Integer (computer science)</font><br />  
In computer science, an integer is a datum of integral data type, a data type that represents some range of mathematical integers. Integral data types may be of different sizes and may or may not be allowed to contain negative values. Integers are commonly represented in a computer as a group of binary digits (bits). The size of the grouping varies so the set of integer sizes available varies between different types of computers. Computer hardware, including virtual machines, nearly always provide a way to represent a processor register or memory address as an integer.  

<font size="5">④Floating point</font><br />  
In computing, floating-point arithmetic (FP) is arithmetic using formulaic representation of real numbers as an approximation so as to support a trade-off between range and precision. For this reason, floating-point computation is often found in systems which include very small and very large real numbers, which require fast processing times. A number is, in general, represented approximately to a fixed number of significant digits (the significand) and scaled using an exponent in some fixed base; the base for the scaling is normally two, ten, or sixteen.  
   
   ---
   ---
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">(2)</font><br />
①     
对于一个二进制正数X有  
Negative[X]=2^k-X ；  
Negative[X]={(2^k-1)-X}+1 ；  
Negative[X]={(11111111111···) - X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>} + 1 ;  

即证二进制X的负数可由X每位求反加1得到 ；

  ---

②  
X的值为-15，占8位。转换为二进制是(11110001)，转换为八进制是(361)。

---  
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">(3)</font><br />
① x转换为十进制是(-31),在内存中占了一个字节，转换为二进制是(1110 0001),十六进制为(0xe1). 
而y占四个字节,在进行赋值计算时x会自动变为4字节，并用符号位的数字补位，即为(1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 1110 0001)，十进制也是-31，在转换为十六进制是(0xffffffe1).  
② 对于一个二进制数X=(X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>)  
有一个二进制数Y=(X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k</font>···X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>)  
当X<font size="1">k</font>=0时，Y=(X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>) =X；  

当X<font size="1">k</font>=1时，Y=-(0000X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>+1)=(1X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>)=(X<font size="1">k</font>X<font size="1">k-1</font>···X<font size="1">3</font>X<font size="1">2</font>X<font size="1">1</font>)=X

---
<font color="#0000dd" size="5">(4)</font><br />  
  
In computing, NaN, standing for not a number, is a numeric data type value representing an undefined or unrepresentable value, especially in floating-point calculations. Systematic use of NaNs was introduced by the IEEE 754 floating-point standard in 1985, along with the representation of other non-finite quantities like infinities.

Two separate kinds of NaNs are provided, termed quiet NaNs and signaling NaNs. Quiet NaNs are used to propagate errors resulting from invalid operations or values, whereas signaling NaNs can support advanced features such as mixing numerical and symbolic computation or other extensions to basic floating-point arithmetic. For example, 0/0 is undefined as a real number, and so represented by NaN; the square root of a negative number is imaginary, and thus not representable as a real floating-point number, and so is represented by NaN; and NaNs may be used to represent missing values in computations.